const knowledge = {

"what is mobile application development":
"Mobile Application Development is the process of designing, developing, testing and maintaining applications for smartphones and tablets.",

"define mobile application development":
"Mobile Application Development is the process of creating software applications for mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets.",

"what is android":
"Android is a mobile operating system developed by Google.",

"what is ios":
"iOS is Apple's mobile operating system used in iPhones and iPads.",

"what is gui":
"GUI stands for Graphical User Interface. It allows users to interact using buttons, icons and menus.",

"what is ui":
"UI means User Interface. It includes all visual elements used by users.",

"what is ux":
"UX means User Experience. It focuses on user satisfaction and usability.",

"what is protocol":
"A protocol is a set of rules that govern communication between devices on a network.",

"what is gps":
"GPS stands for Global Positioning System. It helps determine the location of a device.",

"what is wifi":
"Wi-Fi is a wireless networking technology used to connect devices to the internet.",

"what is camera":
"A mobile camera captures photos and videos and supports video calling.",

"what is sensor":
"A sensor detects and measures physical conditions such as motion, light or proximity.",

"what is proximity sensor":
"A proximity sensor detects nearby objects and turns off the screen during calls.",

"what is accelerometer":
"An accelerometer measures acceleration and detects movement and orientation.",

"what is gyroscope":
"A gyroscope measures rotational movement and orientation.",

"what is background worker":
"Background workers perform tasks such as synchronization and notifications without direct user interaction.",

"what is malware":
"Malware is malicious software designed to damage systems or steal information.",

"what is phishing":
"Phishing is a cyberattack that tricks users into revealing sensitive information.",

"what is cyber security":
"Cyber security protects systems, networks and data from attacks.",

"important questions":
`1. Define Mobile Application Development.
2. Explain GUI and UI.
3. Explain GPS and its applications.
4. Explain Sensors.
5. Explain Wi-Fi and Data Connections.
6. Explain Security Threats.`,

"mcqs":
`1. Android is developed by?
A) Apple
B) Google ✓
C) Samsung
D) Microsoft

2. GPS stands for?
A) Global Positioning System ✓
B) General Position Service
C) Geo Program Service
D) Global Processing System`
};